BFD-4064: OSPO & SHARE IT Compliance (#2674)
CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data: README.md

# Beneficiary FHIR Data System (BFD)

> ## About the Project

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer to keep the newlines after the headings here. Most markdown style guides recommend a newline before and after each heading for readability: https://google.github.io/styleguide/docguide/style.html#add-spacing-to-headings

Reviewer 2: Maybe we take this a step further and run all these markdown files through `markdownlint`? Running `markdownlint` (disabling the error about line length) on this `README.md` like so:

```bash
markdownlint --disable MD013 -- README.md
```

produces the following list of errors:

```text
README.md:3 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## About the Project"]
README.md:4:102 MD009/no-trailing-spaces Trailing spaces [Expected: 0 or 2; Actual: 1]
README.md:7 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## Core Team"]
README.md:11 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## Project Vision"]
README.md:14 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## Agency Mission"]
README.md:17 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## Repo Structure"]
README.md:21:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:21:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:22:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:22:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:23:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:23:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:24:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:24:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:25:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:25:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:26:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:26:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:27:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:27:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:28:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:28:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:29:1 MD005/list-indent Inconsistent indentation for list items at the same level [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:29:1 MD007/ul-indent Unordered list indentation [Expected: 0; Actual: 1]
README.md:34 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## Contributing"]
README.md:41 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## Community Guidelines"]
README.md:44 MD022/blanks-around-headings Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "## Feedback"]
README.md:65:271 MD034/no-bare-urls Bare URL used [Context: "https://github.com/{{"]
README.md:67:56 MD034/no-bare-urls Bare URL used [Context: "https://www.cisa.gov/sbom"]
```

We can even use `markdownlint-cli`'s autofix capabilities with `--fix` to resolve these issues automatically (e.g. `markdownlint --disable MD013 --fix -- README.md`, then running `markdownlint --disable MD013 -- README.md` produces no output).

Reviewer: Nice, sounds like a good idea

Author: Completed! maybe we should add an action like we have for shell check!

## Repo Structure
The high-level purpose and location of each piece of the project is listed below.

* [apps](apps) - contains the source code for each of the deployed BFD applications
 * [bfd-data-fda](apps/bfd-data-fda) - downloads FDA Drug code names into a resource used during BFD drug code name lookups
 * [bfd-data-npi](apps/bfd-data-npi) - downloads CMS NPI (National Provider Identification) names into a resource used during BFD NPI lookups
 * [bfd-db-migrator](apps/bfd-db-migrator) - application for safely applying schema updates and data migrations to the BFD database
 * [bfd-model](apps/bfd-model) - contains data models used throughout the BFD project
 * [bfd-pipeline](apps/bfd-pipeline) - application for loading claim data from the provider into the BFD database
 * [bfd-server](apps/bfd-server) - application for serving the BFD database data in FHIR format to users via the BFD API
 * [bfd-shared-test-utils](apps/bfd-shared-test-utils) - utilities shared across BFD projects used in testing
 * [bfd-shared-utils](apps/bfd-shared-utils) - utilities shared across BFD projects used in the application code

>  * [utils](apps/utils) - non-application scripts used for testing, development, and database management

Reviewer 2: This should probably be reverted, or the indentation increased so that these are sub-bullets of `apps` so that it is obvious these modules are within the `apps` directory.

Author: fixed

* [insights](insights) - contains documentation and resources for maintaining BFD Insights, a platform using AWS Cloudwatch to provide analytics and metrics for BFD applications
* [ops](ops) - contains the scripts and resources required for packaging and deploying BFD applications
* [rfcs](docs/rfcs) - holds the archived and active RFC (Request for Comment) documents for BFD

## Contributing

> Many useful guides, documentation items, and runbooks can be found on the [BFD Wiki (https://github.com/CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data/wiki), hosted in this repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many useful guides, documentation items, and runbooks can be found on the [BFD Wiki](https://github.com/CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data/wiki), hosted in this repo.
```

Author: fixed

## Feedback
If you have any questions feel free to reach out on the [#bfd](https://cmsgov.slack.com/archives/C010WDXAZFZ) channel in CMS slack!

## Policies

### Open Source Policy

We adhere to the [CMS Open Source
Policy](https://github.com/CMSGov/cms-open-source-policy). If you have any
questions, just [shoot us an email](mailto:opensource@cms.hhs.gov).

### Security and Responsible Disclosure Policy

_Submit a vulnerability:_ Vulnerability reports can be submitted through [Bugcrowd](https://bugcrowd.com/cms-vdp). Reports may be submitted anonymously. If you share contact information, we will acknowledge receipt of your report within 3 business days.

For more information about our Security, Vulnerability, and Responsible Disclosure Policies, see [SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md).

### Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)

A Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) is a formal record containing the details and supply chain relationships of various components used in building software.

> In the spirit of [Executive Order 14028 - Improving the Nation’s Cyber Security](https://www.gsa.gov/technology/it-contract-vehicles-and-purchasing-programs/information-technology-category/it-security/executive-order-14028), a SBOM for this repository is provided here: https://github.com/{{ cookiecutter.project_org }}/{{ cookiecutter.project_repo_name }}/network/dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the spirit of [Executive Order 14028 - Improving the Nation’s Cyber Security](https://www.gsa.gov/technology/it-contract-vehicles-and-purchasing-programs/information-technology-category/it-security/executive-order-14028), a SBOM for this repository is provided here: <https://github.com/CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data/network/dependencies>.
```

There seems to be untemplated GHA templates in the original URL. I believe this _should_ be the URL that was being constructed.

Author: fixed
